VISIT method:This method takes the gym_membership hash and person_name as arguments and increments the “no of visits”: and modifies the “last visited”: to today’s date using the Date library. Then it prints a welcome message with person’s first name and returns the modified gym_membership.CHANGE_MEMBERSHIP method:This method takes the gym_membership and person_name and membership as arguments and modifies the “membership type”: and “monthly payment”: accordingly, as well as add/remove any privileges that comes with the membership and then return the modified gym_membership.ASSIGN_A_LOCKER method:This method takes the gym_membership and person_name as arguments and assigns a new locker to the person. The locker number must be drawn from the front of the $available_lockers array. Finally return the modified gym_membership. •	If no lockers are available, then return a message saying that Sorry, no lockers are available". •	If the person already has a locker assigned to them, then return the message saying "You already have a locker with us. Your locker number is #{locker number}.”REMOVE_A_LOCKER method:This method takes the gym_membership and person_name as arguments and removes the locker on the account. The locker number is then placed at the front of the $available_lockers array. •	If no locker is available on the account for removal, then return the message saying that "Sorry, no locker is available on your account for removal."ADD_A_VIOLATION method:This method takes the gym_membership and person_name as arguments and adds violation by modifying the value of  “violation?”: to true and increments the "no of violations": by 1. Return the modified gym_membership. •	if the total no of violations exceeds 2 after incrementing the "no of violations": then the person is barred from the gym. In this case, person_name should be set to “BARRED!”. And then return the modified gym_membership.REGISTER_FOR_A_CLASS method:This method takes the gym_membership, person_name, class_name, class_date, class_time as arguments and registers the person for that particular class. $available_class holds the list of all the classes available for a particular day. Note that same classes can be held in different timings of the day.•	If the person is trying to register for a class that is not available, then return a message saying that "Sorry, #{class_name} at #{class_time} on #{class_date} not available."•	If the person is trying to register for a class on a particular day where no classes are scheduled, then return the messaging saying that "Sorry, no classes are scheduled on #{class_date}."ATTEND_A_CLASS method:This method takes the gym_membership, person_name, class_name, class_date, class_time as arguments and mark the class as attended. This means that the registered class must be moved to the “attended”: array and deleted from the “registered”: array. •	If the person is trying to attend a class that is not registered, then return the message saying that "Attendance failure: #{class_name} at #{class_time} on #{class_date} was not registered."CANCEL_A_CLASS method:This method takes the gym_membership, person_name, class_name, class_date, class_time as arguments and cancels the class. This means that the registered class must be moved to the ”cancelled”: array and deleted from the “registered”: array.•	If the person is trying to cancel a class that is not registered, return the message saying that "Cancellation failure: #{class_name} at #{class_time} on #{class_date} was not registered."